We will create our next class and named it as main node java and we will create an object of this album.
So we'll create our main line here.
We have to create our main document object of this album.
So let's call it the album and let's call it album.
This thing is equal to the first thing is the name of the album.
And so let's have a random name.
Let's call it album one.
And do.
The we have to define the artist.
So the artist is, let's say, Billie Eilish.
So here we have created an album and we call this album as an album and the artist is the right.
So let's add a few songs inside it and it's all album dot and we have all the methods.
So the first is the add song and song and let's add a song.
So the first song is The Getting Older, which is a song by Billie Eilish, and her duration will be
the four point, let's say the 4.5 minutes, and let's write a few similar songs inside this.
And so this thing is called Let's See My Future.
And here this is 3.5 and another one is your power with duration 5.0.
This time we create a new album and this thing again album is equal to new album.
And the name of the album is Album two and the Artist is as.
So let's end a few songs.
So the first song that we have here is Dusty and the duration is 4.5 minutes.
And another song is that is Life Goes On and the duration is 3.5 minutes.
And the next song that we have here is the dynamite with 4.5 minute duration.
And now we have two albums, the album one and the album two, and we have to add this album to an ArrayList
of album.
So let's create an ArrayList here of Alonzo so private and this thing going to be static.
And let's add a list of album and let's call it album.
Album is equal to the new error.
ArrayList Right.
And let's add this album to ArrayList.
So
yeah, I released a return yeah here, which is an early start add and let's add this album similarly,
let's add the second album too, which is the release slot.
And here you have to pass in the album and let's add this album as well.
And we have the two albums and those two albums are added to our array list of album and what the next
thing that we can have is a linked list.
Of playlists.
So we have two albums.
Now let's create a link list of a playlist which contains the songs from these two albums.
So here are the link list.
First two of song and let's call it another playlist.
One is equal to the new list.
So we have created a linked list, and this link list is of song.
And let's add elements inside this long list.
So let's add the first song in the playlist.
So what the first we have to we need to exhaust the albums.
And so album which is an early start.
Yeah.
Start to get in here.
We have to pass an zero here album, not get past the zero because zero to Next contains this albums
of Billie Eilish solo album Don't Get Zero.
And we have this playlist method and we here we have the second one which is title and the link list
itself.
So this title was getting older and here we have to pass in the linked list.
This one, we have to pass the link list and there we have to add.
So we have to simply pass the playlist and let's add a few similar songs and such.
So the first song is going to be of this Billie Eilish here, the getting older in the future and under
the.
No, the name is.
Yeah, we need to show them the same title that we have passed in here.
And the second time, this thing is going to be a valuable one, which is the diabetes.
So here again, album one and the song that we have.
Yeah.
Dynamite and this.
So here we have created over album and it have four songs.
Now we have to play this album, so we have to create a new method called.
BLEEP and we will pass the playlist here.
So this thing is called Playlist one, so we will pass it and we'll just to create this method and afterwards
we will understand.
So we are here what we are typing the private and the return type installs void.
It's static, so private static void and the name of the matter is player and it takes a linked list
as an input.
So a linked list of song obviously, and this thing is called playlist.
So here in this matter which will play.
So in this method we will write and understand our code and after a while and we need some kind of functionality
which involves the user interaction as well because we don't, we don't have something on that.
So we will create a couple of methods which, you know, allow us to have a user interaction.
So let's create.
Our first method which will try to print our menu all or on the option that we have.
So private static void.
And let's call this method the print print menu, and it wouldn't take anything.
And what we are going to do is we will simply print all our stops that we for the options we have submitted
for print all the available options down below, right down below.
And then we have the subject line thing and let's call it plus all.
Yeah.
Press all or press zero for the quit option.
So if you want to quit, so press zero.
And we are going to take all these input by the user and let's bring the line here and okay for press
one if you want to know the next song and play the next song.
So to play next one, another one next thing that we're going to have is we have to play the previous
previous song two for two.
It will be the previous song and we have three to replay the current song and we will press for that.
We have in the album the list of all songs and press five to print all the songs that are available.
And the next thing and the last thing is which we have is the sixth.
Delete current song.
So print all label options, we can print the line.
And also the sixth one is that lead two from our album The current song.
Although delete current song from the playlist.
Sorry.
So we have the sprint menu method and the next method that we can have is let's print the list.
So let's have a different method for that private static void and it will print list and it's going
to take input as the link, the list we have to print a link list of songs and we will call it a playlist
because that's what we have to print.
So we need a trigger for this iterator for this and iterate throughout the song and let's call it creator
sequel equal playlist that we have passed in Not a Traitor.
So this is how we create a trade, right?
This the index for the index for the trader.
Let's simply print this line so we can see this line, so we can separate things.
And the next piece we have to use for loop to trade throughout the loop.
So while it created a has legs.
So that means while this thing.
Taz next.
What we have to do is we have to simply print whatever inside this list.
This list is so annotated.
Next, let's set and let's bring this line again so that it just separates everything.
So here in our both methods, we have print menu matter and then we have print less methods.
This print menu option will give us all the available options that we have to.
So let's do everything inside this play method which will play over this playlist.
So here in this method called Play First.
This one, which we are talking the play, this method called play.
The first thing we need is a scanner because we have to be user input in the form of, you know, integers,
which are zero and two, three, and it's all a new scanner.
Here we have to parse the system dot.
And so here is our scanner.
Now let's define a couple of.
Boolean value.
So Boolean and this thing is called quit.
So it will take care that if you get has quit or non which was over zero option so boolean quit and
let's initially set its value false.
And then we have boolean and this thing will be called forward and value will be the true.
Boolean forward equal to true.
And the next thing that we need is a list iterator.
So list iterator and listed editor is of the song and let's call it list.
A Twitter is equal to the play we need and what list we have to iterate.
So playlist list, iterator.
So here we have our scanner boolean and list traitor.
So the first thing that we have to do this playlist is not empty.
So we have to handle that case as well.
So if the play list or playlist is empty, so playlist size and this thing is, let's say, equal to
zero.
If that's the case, then we have to simply print this playlist, have no songs.
So this playlist have no song.
And in the last part, we have to print what the current song is playing.
We will print right now playing and whatever is the current position of a traitor or the listed traitor
dot next to and we have to it will return a song and it will have to convert it to string because we
have to print it, right.
We have to print it so we will convert it as the string so this thing will print what's the current
song is playing?
And after that, let's print the menu, print, menu.
And so that we have all the options available for the user.
Now since menus no visible to the user user user can either pause zero one, two, three, four and
five, six.
So we have to take that input.
So we have to check that the user has not quit, so why not quit?
That means while this quit is, you know, true.
So in that case we do.
So we have to take that as input.
So first, this in action is equal to a C dot net and.
Next end or.
That means you quit, as you know.
True.
And so I see the next end because we have to take users input.
And now let's break this line here.
It knows who we are since we have multiple options.
Al Franken.
So we are going to use a switch case which will take care of all the actions to switch.
We have to interpret action.